Add Zephyr post on Automation API (#3161)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/iac-recommended-practices-using-automation-api/index.md

---
title: "IaC Recommended Practices: Using Automation API"
date: 2023-07-21
meta_desc: In this post in the continuing series on IaC recommended practices, this post looks at using the Pulumi Automation API to orchestrate multiple stacks.
meta_image: meta.png
authors:
    - scott-lowe
tags:
    - best-practices
    - zephyr
    - automation-api
    - go
---

> Welcome to the sixth post in our series of blog posts focused on infrastructure as code (IaC) recommended practices. So far in this series, you've seen how Zephyr Archaeotech Emporium---the fictional company at the center of this series---uses Pulumi to manage their online retail store. You read how Zephyr's initial use of Pulumi changed to incorporate the use of short-lived per-developer stacks. Later, as Zephyr continued to grow, you saw how Zephyr restructured their Pulumi projects and stacks, incorporated the use of Stack References, and used Pulumi Cloud's role-based access control (RBAC) functionality to control access to their stacks. This post focuses on how Zephyr takes advantage of Pulumi's Automation API to bring an even greater level of orchestration to the stacks that represent their online store.<!--more-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the sixth post in our series of blog posts focused on infrastructure as code (IaC) recommended practices. So far in this series, you've seen how Zephyr Archaeotech Emporium---the fictional company at the center of this series---uses Pulumi to manage their online retail store. You read how Zephyr's initial use of Pulumi changed to incorporate the use of short-lived per-developer stacks. Later, as Zephyr continued to grow, you saw how Zephyr restructured their Pulumi projects and stacks, incorporated the use of Stack References, and used Pulumi Cloud's role-based access control (RBAC) functionality to control access to their stacks. This post focuses on how Zephyr takes advantage of the [Pulumi Automation API](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/using-pulumi/automation-api/concepts-terminology) to bring an even greater level of orchestration to the stacks that represent their online store.<!--more-->
```
